realtor.com
Buy
Sell
Rent
Mortgage
Find Realtors®
My Home
News & Insights
Manage rentals
Advertise
Log in
North Sarasota, FL

FloridaSarasota CountyNorth Sarasota

Summary

Home Values

Housing Market

Schools

Amenities

Homes For Sale

Explore

Top Counties

Top Cities

Top Zip Codes
North Sarasota, FL Real Estate Market
What are the best neighborhoods in North Sarasota?
Some of the best neighborhoods in or around North Sarasota, Florida are Desoto Acres and Newtown Farms. Consider buying or renting a home in one of these popular neighborhoods.

Home values in North Sarasota, FL
North Sarasota is a city in Florida and consists of 2 neighborhoods. There are 36 homes for sale, ranging from $19.9K to $1.9M. North Sarasota have affordable houses, and affordable 2 bedroom listings.

$305.5K
Median Listing Home Price
$217
Median Listing Home Price/Sq Ft
$305K
Median Sold Home Price
Real Estate Highlights in North Sarasota, FL






North Sarasota, FL Housing Market
In January 2022, the median listing home price in North Sarasota, FL was $305.5K, trending up 29.4% year-over-year. The median listing home price per square foot was $217. The median home sold price was $305K.

Median Listing Home Price vs. Median Home Sold Price
Chart
Chart with 2 data series.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying categories.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Range: 100000 to 400000.
End of interactive chart.
Sale-to-List Price Ratio: 97.01%
Homes in North Sarasota, FL sold for 2.99% below asking price on average in January 2022

Buyer	Balanced	Seller
North Sarasota, FL is a seller's market in January 2022, which means that there are more people looking to buy than there are homes available.

Median Days on Market: 56 Days
Chart
Chart with 36 data points.
The chart has 1 X axis displaying categories.
The chart has 1 Y axis displaying values. Range: 0 to 200.
End of interactive chart.
On average, homes in North Sarasota, FL sell after 56 days on the market. The trend for median days on market in North Sarasota, FL has gone up since last month, and slightly down since last year.

Top Schools in North Sarasota, FL
North Sarasota, FL hosts 5 public schools rated good and higher by GreatSchools. You can also find 2 private and charter schools. Here are the best public schools in North Sarasota, FL:

Rating	School Name	Grades	Reviews
6/10
Gocio Elementary School	PK - 5	
2 reviews
View All
2/10
Emma E. Booker Elementary School	PK - 5	
1 reviews
View All
Previous
Page 1 of 1
Next
To verify enrollment eligibility, contact the school or district directly. School data provided by National Center for Education Statistics, , and . Intended for reference only. The GreatSchools Rating is based on a variety of school quality indicators, including test scores, college readiness, and equity data.
Amenities near North Sarasota, FL
You can find dozens of grocery stores, and hundreds of cafes and restaurants in North Sarasota, FL. We will soon provide other points, such as parks and gyms.

Scots Corner	
2 Reviews
Bismillah Groceries	
9 Reviews
Vung Tau Oriental Market	
5 Reviews
Dollar General	
0 Reviews
Dollar General	
0 Reviews
The Latin Brother's Market	
0 Reviews
Powered by Yelp
Homes For Sale in North Sarasota, FL
There are 36 homes for sale in North Sarasota, FL, 5 of which were newly listed within the last week. Additionally, there are 4 rentals, with a range of $2.1K to $3.5K per month. Discover more North Sarasota listings for open houses, price reduced, foreclosures, recently sold, new home communities, and new home construction.

Newest Listings in North Sarasota, FL








Explore North Sarasota, FL
There are 2 neighborhoods in North Sarasota.

Popular Neighborhoods in North Sarasota, FL
All Neighborhoods in North Sarasota, FL
Neighborhoods
Median Listing
Home Price
Listing
$/SqFt
For Sale
For Rent
Desoto Acres
$864.5K
$382
6
-
Newtown Farms
-
-
1
-
Popular Home Searches Near North Sarasota
Get Connected With a Trusted Local Agent
Our free service analyze millions of home sales to find the perfect agent for you.

GET THE APP
© 1995-2022 
 and  All rights reserved.
map-loader

Satellite

Market

Schools

Flood

Noise

Amenities

Transit
North Sarasota, FL Real Estate Market
